Create DOCUMENTATION_WRITING.md (#1912)
ocaml/ocaml.org: DOCUMENTATION_WRITING.md

**Our audience:**
* Self-directed learners without a tutor
* Already know some programming basics (one other programming language)
* Likely a majority of consumers of libraries, hopefully some authors or people who turn into it
* English level B2 ideally

**Not our audience:**
* University students
* New to programming. We do not teach programming basics.

## Goals
Especially since the release of OCaml 5.0 with Multicore support, perhaps our biggest goal is to increase the adoption of OCaml. In order to reach this goal, it's essential to have current, consistent, and comprehensive documentation.

1. Enable people to use OCaml for real projects / at the job / side projects
1. Get people who want to build and contribute to the ecosystem up to speed and building something good quickly
1. **Oddly Specific**: Enable people to do Advent of Code in OCaml.

## Our Key Values / Constraints:

> - **Goals and Prerequisites**. Each tutorial begins with its objectives and ends with a section listing necessary prior knowledge, marked as "**Prerequisites:**". This part doesn't use section headings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Goals and Prerequisites**. Each tutorial begins with its objectives, so that people know what they will learn about.```

- **Clear Section Headings**. Make sure section titles clearly indicate their content. Just like a candy store displays its products openly, avoid vague titles and opt for ones that clearly reveal the content. This is also helpful for better display of search results. Use title case (see General Formatting section below).
- **Use B2 Level English**. This ensures the material is comprehensible to those who are not native English speakers.

## Common Phrases

- "Binding a value to a name" = declaring a variable
- `'a` is a type parameter called "alpha." It is not a _type variable_ (because the term _variable_ is a forbidden word).
- Pass a function as a value to another function as a parameter - not a "function value"
  

## Things to Avoid

1. Don't use the same letter for different things, i.e., when talking about a type parameter `'a`, don't have a name `a` nearby. In fact, since `a` can easily be confused with `'a` (alpha), start with `f` when using letters as parameters. 
1. Never use the term "variable," instead
    a. Names and values (binding = a value is bound to a name)
    b. Type parameter

> 1. Use “parameter” and “argument” appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use “parameter” and “argument” appropriately. Parameters occur in function declarations. Arguments are values that functions are applied to.
```

# How to Write Documentation

This document explains how to write documentation such as tutorials, guides, or recommendations to be hosted in OCaml.org. It's also meant to be used as a style guide to ensure consistency in things like grammar, formatting, capitalisation, and spelling across all OCaml.org documentation. 

Apply the [*Spiral Learning*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spiral_approach) approach in tutorials. This teaching method first creates a solid foundation of a topic. By starting with an overview, it gives the reader the context and general information. Subsequent sections and tutorials review the important foundational information and expands, going into more detail and giving examples. 

## Materials

> - Reference. This includes the [OCaml Manual](https://ocaml.org/releases/latest/manual.html), the [opam manual](https://opam.ocaml.org/), and [Dune's documentation](https://dune.readthedocs.io/en/stable/). This is considered upstream material. Refer to the corresponding projects to propose changes in them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- References, e.g.:
  - [OCaml Language Manual](https://ocaml.org/releases/latest/manual.html). You can contribute [here](https://github.com/ocaml/ocaml/tree/trunk/manual).
  - [opam manual](https://opam.ocaml.org/). You can contribute [here](https://github.com/ocaml/opam).
  - [Dune's documentation](https://dune.readthedocs.io/en/stable/). You can contribute [here](https://github.com/ocaml/dune/tree/main/doc).
```

- **Use B2 Level English**. This ensures the material is comprehensible to those who are not native English speakers.

## Common Phrases

- "Binding a value to a name" = declaring a variable
- `'a` is a type parameter called "alpha." It is not a _type variable_ (because the term _variable_ is a forbidden word).
- Pass a function as a value to another function as a parameter - not a "function value"
  

## Things to Avoid

1. Don't use the same letter for different things, i.e., when talking about a type parameter `'a`, don't have a name `a` nearby. In fact, since `a` can easily be confused with `'a` (alpha), start with `f` when using letters as parameters. 
1. Never use the term "variable," instead
    a. Names and values (binding = a value is bound to a name)
    b. Type parameter
1. Use “parameter” and “argument” appropriately. Parameters occur in function declarations. Arguments are values that functions are applied to.
1. Don't use math, computer science, or programming language theory terminology without reason and explanation.

## Writing, Grammar, and Spelling 

> Please don't worry about this too much, as a technical write will review any new documentation or changes to catch these types of things. It's included here for reference, if interested. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please don't worry about this too much, as a technical writer will review any new documentation or changes to catch these types of things. It's included here for reference, if interested. 
```

# How to Write Documentation

This document explains how to write documentation such as tutorials, guides, or recommendations to be hosted in OCaml.org. It's also meant to be used as a style guide to ensure consistency in things like grammar, formatting, capitalisation, and spelling across all OCaml.org documentation. 

In order to ensure consistency across documentation, a style guide like this is beneficial.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

seems filler text, since the previous paragraph mentions this

Use the [Diátaxis](https://diataxis.fr/) approach to documentation: Tutorials for learning, How-To Guides for goals, Explanation for understanding, and Reference for information. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Our audience:**
* Self-directed learners without a tutor
* Already know some programming basics (one other programming language)
* People who want to learn untainted functional programming (have seen functional patterns in other languages and are curious about “the real thing”)
* Likely a majority of consumers of libraries, hopefully some authors or people who turn into it
* English level B2 ideally

**Not our audience:**
* University students
* New to programming. We do not teach programming basics.

## Goals
Especially since the release of OCaml 5.0 with Multicore support, perhaps our biggest goal is to increase the adoption of OCaml. In order to reach this goal, it's essential to have current, consistent, and comprehensive documentation.

1. Enable people to use OCaml for real projects / at the job / side projects
1. Get people who want to build and contribute to the ecosystem up to speed and building something good quickly

> 1. Help people learn untainted FP through learning a language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# How to Write Documentation

This document explains how to write documentation such as tutorials, guides, or recommendations to be hosted in ocaml.org.

## Materials

- Reference. This includes the [OCaml Manual](https://ocaml.org/releases/latest/manual.html), the [opam manual](https://opam.ocaml.org/), and [Dune's documentation](https://dune.readthedocs.io/en/stable/). This is considered upstream material. Refer to the corresponding projects to propose changes in them.
- Tutorials
- Guides
- Recommended practices

## Audience

Our audience:
* Self-directed learners without a tutor

> * Already know some programming basics (one other programming programming)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Already know some programming basics (one other programming language)
```

> * People who want to learn untainted functional programming (have seen functional patterns in other languages and are curious about “the real thing”)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Our audience:
* Self-directed learners without a tutor
* Already know some programming basics (one other programming programming)
* People who want to learn untainted functional programming (have seen functional patterns in other languages and are curious about “the real thing”)
* Likely a majority of consumers of libraries, hopefully some authors or people who turn into it
* English level B2 ideally

## Goals

1. Enable people to use OCaml for real projects / at the job / side projects / Advent of Code
1. Get people who want to build and contribute to the ecosystem up to speed and building something good quickly

> 1. Help people learn untainted FP through learning a language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Help people learn untainted FP through learning a language
```

I disagree with this goal and the definition of untainted FP is not clear either.
